AITA for not wanting to eat my mothers leftovers at a buffet? 



Me 18m. My mom likes inviting me and my older sister who lives on her own out to eat at a Chinese buffet once or twice a year. For context my mom and sister are both a bit overweight and I’m thinner.

My mom has a habit of loading everything she sees at the buffet on her plate because she wants to taste everything. Then she usually finds she doesn’t like some stuff although she put a lot on her plate at once, or gets to full to finish. Since I was young she would always put her food she didn’t finish on my plate and tell me to finish it since I’m young and skinny and I’ll be fine. Last time we went I actually ate too much and felt sick after so I decided to eat less this time.

Right when we went to pick our food my mom was looking at what I was grabbing and said why wasn’t I taking more, it’s not worth the price if I don’t take as much as I can. I said if I was still hungry I could get more, but she already seemed annoyed.

Then we ate and I finished what was on my plate and didn’t want to go for a second round, I felt I had enough. My mom argued with me for about 5 minutes telling me to go with her to get more food or else it’s not going to feel like a family meal. I tried politely telling her I didn’t want to eat anymore. My sister was silent through this all. Finally they went to get more food and my mom came back with another full plate.

As I expected she finished less than half of the second plate she got. She said she didn’t want more because she still wanted to get desert and told me to have the rest. I declined and said I was full and she shouldn’t load up her plate so much. She got very mad at this and said I was embarassing her and to just eat it because I’ve always ate more before and I was just trying to embarrass her. She said everything on the restaurant was staring at us because of the argument I started and that I was making her look like a fat pig by not eating more and she said didn’t know why I was doing this because she so nicely was getting us this nice meal. I told her then I would pay for my own food if she’s that upset and she said I was being cruel and manipulative and she didn’t know why I had such an attitude problem today. Anyway she finally saw I didn’t want to dig through her leftovers and gave up and got some cake and Ice cream for desert. She didn’t talk to me for the rest of the day.

Later after my sister left she sent me a text saying I was being very selfish and ruined our family outting and I should have just done what my mom wanted to keep peace and remember she might not be around much longer (my mom is in her early 50s).

So do you think I was in the wrong in this?
