AITA for expecting my wife to manage her own finances after she took an unnecessary, low-paying job that strains our household? 



I am a 35M been married for 10y. Throughout our marriage, I've been the sole 'breadwinner', while my wife has been a SAH mom because she couldn' find work in her field. Due to my hectic work schedule, we've streamlined our finances: I transfer a fixed amount monthly to her account to cover all our household expenses such as groceries, bills, and the kids' school costs. Additionally, I provide a separate sum for her personal use ( shopping, going out or just saving) . She has full discretion over these funds, and any leftover money from the household budget is hers to keep or spend, no questions asked. For her larger personal expenses and all her car expenses, she uses my credit card, which she always has access to.

She has always struggled with her role as a SAH mom, feeling she should instead be working. I've done everything possible to support her career aspirations, including financing trainings, hiring housekeepers to free up her time, and supporting her through a 6 years PhD program, which she ultimately did not complete. She remained torn between the home responsibilities and her desire to work, which resulted in the household and our children's care being mostly neglected. She finally landed a job that is in another city and which requires a 4 hours commute and pays just enough to cover her travel costs, personal needs, and the salary for the full time maid she needed to hire. Essentially, she nets zero from her paycheck

Given her decision to accept this job despite its financial impracticality and the added strain on our household management, I’ve decided to only cover our essential house expenses (rent, groceries, bills, school, etc.) but not her personal expenses. I believe she should handle her own financial responsibilities under these circumstances.

I've been working tirelessly in two jobs for 10 years to provide a comfortable life, allowing her the luxury of choosing what she wanted to do—whether to stay at home or find a job. Unfortunately, we haven't reaped the benefits of her being a SAH mom nor gained any financial advantage from her being employed. At this point, I'm frustrated with the situation and feel it's unfair to me.

Am I the asshole here for expecting her to manage her finances after she chose this job? I'm also starting to think that this arrangement isn't working for our marriage, and I'm concerned it might lead to us separating. What do you think?
