AITA for going against my parents’ wishes of going to a prestigious school, and instead going to the school that gave me the most money? 



Hi everyone! For context I (18F) got into the University of Virginia (UVA), and the College of William and Mary (W&M). UVA was one of my top schools for the longest time because I thought it was prestigious and it was pretty good for business, since that is what I am majoring in. However, I applied to other schools that I would go to besides UVA, in case I had gotten rejected. I mainly applied to schools within my state and nearby states.

I got into UVA, and that was exciting! On the contrary… the price tag was not attractive. I would have to pay tens of thousands of dollars per year to go to UVA. On the other hand, I got accepted to W&M with a full ride! And a research grant, which would look very good to graduate schools and potential jobs! Additionally, I would get the newest dorms available because I got the specific research grant!

I told my parents my options and they still want me to go to UVA because it is better for business. My parents said not to worry about money, but I do not want to be financially tied to them because they might take away my tuition or have control over my life since they are quite religious and conservative.

I toured both campuses, and I honestly liked W&M better because it was less busy compared to UVA! And… no student debt! Also, everyone was more helpful and friendly to me at W&M when I toured, and the tour was actually led by someone whereas UVA’s tour was self-led. Overall, I just liked the feeling of W&M better.

Now my parents are very disappointed in me in choosing W&M and trying to get me to change my decision. They are saying that I am selfish, careless, and too young to be making major life decisions. However, I asked all of my counselors, teachers, my smartest peers and just about everyone said they would choose W&M, given my decisions. I tried to explain to my parents that undergrad does not matter, and that I’ll go to business school anyways after college/university. They are still firm on their decision because they are “immigrants who worked hard to give me the best possibilities, and to take the largest opportunity, which is UVA.” They say money isn’t a problem, but I am not comfortable with the decision. They keep sending me statistics about how UVA is ranked higher and all of that, and are guilt-tripping me trying to change my mind. They have been crying non-stop about my decision (I haven’t committed yet), but honestly I think they just want bragging rights that I go to UVA.

So, Reddit AITA for choosing to go to my choice of university/college over my parents’ preferences? Any help would be appreciated because they won’t support me anymore and I will be disowned if I go through with my decision.

Thank you.

EDIT: Thank you all for your support, it means a lot going through such a stressful time. To answer some questions, I will be majoring in business with a concentration in finance and also double major with either statistics or math. I plan to get an internship or job after college and have work experience and eventually get my MBA (hopefully!) So, the cost of UVA for 4 years is about $80k+ and W&M has no loans attached to it either, everything will be paid for by the scholarship or grants. Also, W&M accepts more of my AP credits of that helps lol. Additionally, we are South Asian lol.
