AITA for sending away my father who drove more than an hour to see me? 


My father lives roughly 1:10h away from me. We made arrangements for him and his wife to come visit us today. He said they would be at our place "a little after noon", they have to drive their son to work first, who starts at noon and doesn't have a driver's licence yet and then they would drive to our place. A little after noon, considering he needs a little more than an hour to get to me, is 1-2 pm in my book. This is the time that we planned out entire day around.

He then had the idea to go to a big grocery store that's close to us and really cheap, but which they usually wouldn't go to because apart from being close to me, they would never drive there otherwise. I told him to call me when they're close and if our baby is asleep at that point, go ahead and do the shopping first, but if he's awake, to please come visit us first and THEN do the shopping.

He doesn't call, he decides without consulting me to do the shopping first. It's a giant ass grocery store and they take their sweet time, announcing their arrival at 4 pm.

I told him to go home, because at this point, the baby was asleep and my husband has left to go run errands that we otherwise wouldn't have had time for if we waited any longer or even entertained them. Theoretically, they could have dropped by, but they would've only seen me instead of all of us and it would've been a very short visit because they arrived so late.

He was obviously miffed about that as he doesn't get to see his (first and only) grandson very often, but I told him with a baby and errands/obligations to take care of, I don't have the liberty to just wait around for visitors. If you say you'll be here around noon but effectively show up at 4, don't be mad if I turn you away. AITA?

ETA: I texted him asking for an ETA and informing him that the baby is about to fall asleep and he likely won't see him if they take any longer, no response. Called him a little after that, again asking for ETA, he was clearly busy with shopping and only brushed me off with an "I'll call you when we're done".

ETA2: For those saying I should've accommodated them just because he's my father and that's what's expected: My father and I have never been particularly close. I would describe our relationship as more like a standard uncle/niece relationship in terms of closeness. I don't feel obligated to put up with a whole lotta shit from him, and I draw the line much sooner compared to other, closer relatives. I texted and called before pulling the plug on his visit, that was the extent of my courtesy.
