AITA For Calling My Wife A Hypocrite For Banning Her Daughter From Wearing Makeup To Cover Acne Despite The Fact My Wife Does It 

I (30f) married a woman (40f) in January of 2024. My wife, who we'll call Yazmin, has two daughters who we'll called Penny (12f) and Lily (10f). Yazmin, and her 3 sisters has acne since they were 12. It's like a family curse. For them it's full face, upper neck, full back, full shoulders, and upper arm covered in pimples that leaves scars even if they don't mess with the pimples. Their mother's acne didn't clear until she went menopause. Yazmin has a rule that her daughter are not allowed to wear makeup until they are 18. When I first heard it I thought it wasn't practical given her daughters' ancestry but I didn't make a fuss about it at the time. But since April, poor Penny got her 1st zit, a big red pimple in the middle of her forehead. Given she, like the rest of her family, is blonde and very fair skinned it really stands out. Poor thing had to go out like that. Then the rest of her forehead got covered in pimples, then her chin, then her cheeks, and it's still spreading. Yazmin gets to put on makeup first thing in morning and takes it off at bedtime. She, and her sisters were allowed to wear makeup when they were kids. Acne is horrible whether or not you get to cover it with makeup but at least the makeup helps a little. I saw this young girl beg with tears flowing down her face for her mother to allow her to wear makeup. Yazmin keeps refusing. A few days ago, Penny was again begging her mom. This time Lily was also begging on her sister's behalf. Yazmin refused, and I called Yazmin a hypocrite to her face, in front of her daughters. I then explained farther by pointing out the facts of how Yazmin and her sisters were allowed to wear makeup. I then said that if Penny and Lily are not allowed to wear makeup then Yazmin should stop wearing makeup. Yazmin yelled saying I have no idea what's it like to have acne, and that she has to wear it to be taken seriously at work. I said then Penny needs to wear it to be treated at school. Yazmin got angrier and said I never had acne so I don't get to have an opinion. Later in the night, Yazmin was crying. I have literally never mentioned her acne before that moment. She was asking me if she's ugly to me. I told her she is the most beautiful woman in the world to me. She's has been insecure ever since. I feel like I was an asshole to my wife. She was been crying ever night since. Penny is still miserable. Lily is scared that she might go threw what Penny is going threw in the near future. I never had acne so I really don't know what they are going threw. Maybe I was out of line. Am I the asshole ? 
